so I'm just right and want to start doing
analysis after Pokemon where you find
a slap on a chip of each and I who
are facts these millionaire houses you
about the evolution family of pokémons
bug tar and radio
I'll start the first one with tar the bug.
pokémon number 172 the pokédex of the species
little mouse portugal
it is a bit more electric like all
the other emotions path of taj mahal
esthetic and the chosen beauty haiti
george mitchell weak how much chan
existing and flying steel and electric
but if it is enabled slit
or even in July and increased the rate
opponent's Pokémon.
Santos kicks hard how many types ab
flying the best of what
mothers with a little bbc season summits
even because you have little head physics
specialty speed their status
total are 205 animal begins with
attacks giving shock charm at level 5
I learned your ipp at level 10 drive on
36 tics and not 18 in stores
I'll volley when you're only doing
only mass for applications that find
electric type with bug he number 25
why this fast pokemon species
even as dogs and states have not yet
only everyone with a higher speed than the
that others
the total their status are 300 starting
with gaetano shopping 19 level as soon as
I learned I had the standard Tire and Wine
thesis that is here with eight ex global in
which works perfectly that I am the
booty city 91 26 in 29 in the pocket
from four fronts 37 agility 42 from
charge 45 site screen and finally level
50 thunder cache I spoke to stuffing
when used killing is only device
cracked number 26 in season 10 yet
species for a mouse contains the same
and once again the most voted
which is evolved by a stone of sound
it's much better now what?
makes it a little or very good and wise
so it's special and I hope you have
liked the first video was well
If this is not the case,
checked on why not obviously I
had video that was right the Czech midfielder
boring to help me walk the
things and I will leave the channel from the
sign up if you want to see
so if you could, I also said that I thought
of the idea then
Diana